hi i am a month in comes out and i
have bought some things and that happened
see that
I have it for fun
yes a bit broken there it went
well i was too horrible sie mal
First I bought this also super bag
season 5 euros he says how nice he is
fight and I like it and the house
from 5 euros
so if stood he is really very good
super many and you really know very happy
because I mentioned as needed
actually not but I did have a bag
and I love someone I have one
super cute slippers and I like it
really nice and if you contain mn
body of 5 euros I also have things
to purchase pajama pants purchased this is
not really
it 's fun guys all the way
funny flowers and then cute
ribbon and with lace for 7 euros but
so deep we took it and he is not on
Earth doesn't account me in her eyes yet
open for the pajamas
this was not together tube building it
is a blue shirt yes yes and types that
had color on top of each other and anyway
also a passion not ready anyway
but give this man and he is real
very cute and then campus booth
single and yes single and fits very nice or
leggings
I need develop and this is still 3 euros
oh i hit myself with the price tag
then I have this nice kimono cardigan
purchased so
to do this is actually not it
preferably purchase I think it is the kimono
or something and I still have a moment and I have my
black dress
but I do n't find him really violence or
stand alone
yes i like it if only 15 euros and
this is just super fun with one
put on with skinny jeans
with a black shirt just super simple
with such a cute little thing yet
You are super backpack bought and I saw
not really just often a flag profiles
when tick a little
euro for such a bag but numbers only 3
euro and to laugh from yes I now
just no and also at 9 o'clock 9 to argue
a lot but if you have backpacks and
second is superfluous and that sentence
but that superfluous
but 3 euros curry dip by which let him
lie this down to a fun I think
really fun
So Mr. oh oh I have to buy them and
I didn't buy any news and I think so
it so nice and it was the last one and
after 42 and then thought you don't come anyway
magic pot is also good
in wind angle I i motivates
mt 39 but things too small or something
I then my version really makes me think
at one o'clock I take him off
success number
this is another fun I don't really like
want and
however, prefer these shoes and to warm up
7 euros and yes this is just fun for the
fall and winter for spring for
summer starts is gay so yes my last
congenital i have her genius there
soft parts add the winter very well for
now because I had a Frisian account
but in August this is always handy
and this is the english flag rob and even
to sing
keep watching how the clean never in the
stab okay he is really nice okay
sounds nice
sometimes not but yes also I have this is
so the impact is mine was 5 euros
ajax is on my list than 5 euros
that estimates in a coating that sells
cento via
so yeah i already went to my stuff i
like it
and yes if you liked the video give it
a thumbs up and subscribe french
bye